README.md, before:

# Kassie

Modern database explorer for Cassandra & ScyllaDB with TUI and Web interfaces.

## Features

- Dual interface: Terminal (TUI) and Web UI
- Single binary with embedded server
- Browse keyspaces, tables, and data
- Filter with WHERE clauses
- Keyboard-driven navigation

## Installation

```bash
go install github.com/KashifKhn/kassie@latest
```

Or with Homebrew:

```bash
brew tap KashifKhn/kassie
brew install kassie
```

## Usage

```bash
kassie tui              # Launch terminal interface
kassie web              # Launch web interface at localhost:8080
kassie server           # Run standalone server
```

## Configuration

Create `~/.config/kassie/config.json`:

```json
{
  "profiles": [
    {
      "name": "local",
      "hosts": ["127.0.0.1"],
      "port": 9042
    }
  ]
}
```

## Development

```bash
make setup              # Install tools
make proto              # Generate gRPC code
make build              # Build binary
make test               # Run tests
```

## License

MIT

Commit message:

feat: add installation script and self-upgrade command - Add install.sh with cross-platform support and progress indicators - Implement upgrade command with version checking and auto-update - Update .goreleaser.yml for consistent archive naming

README.md, after:

# Kassie

Modern database explorer for Cassandra & ScyllaDB with TUI and Web interfaces.

## Features

- Dual interface: Terminal (TUI) and Web UI
- Single binary with embedded server
- Browse keyspaces, tables, and data
- Filter with WHERE clauses
- Keyboard-driven navigation

## Installation

### Quick Install (Linux/macOS)

```bash
curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KashifKhn/kassie/main/install.sh | sh
```

### Manual Installation

Download the latest release for your platform from [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/KashifKhn/kassie/releases).

### Go Install

```bash
go install github.com/KashifKhn/kassie@latest
```

### Homebrew

```bash
brew tap KashifKhn/kassie
brew install kassie
```

### Upgrade

Keep Kassie up-to-date with the built-in upgrade command:

```bash
kassie upgrade                    # Upgrade to latest version
kassie upgrade --check            # Check for updates only
kassie upgrade --version v0.2.0   # Upgrade to specific version
```

## Usage

```bash
kassie tui              # Launch terminal interface
kassie web              # Launch web interface at localhost:8080
kassie server           # Run standalone server
```

## Configuration

Create `~/.config/kassie/config.json`:

```json
{
  "profiles": [
    {
      "name": "local",
      "hosts": ["127.0.0.1"],
      "port": 9042
    }
  ]
}
```

## Development

```bash
make setup              # Install tools
make proto              # Generate gRPC code
make build              # Build binary
make test               # Run tests
```

## License

MIT
